

Customer Creation
Cs allocation
Sales person allocation
commission customer wise 
Increase or decrease rates should be by percentage, Amount and vendor wise, will one shot all rates increase.


Dash Board
revenue trend 
CRM DASH BOARD


Booking
Rate wise and service wise prioritising shipment at the time of booking
New shipment forwarding no option should have scanning facility by mobile or scanner...
New shipment manual awb no should have scanning option by mobile or scanner.
awb entry should have date and time format
PICKUP REQUEST OPTION WITH BULK UPLOAD
MULTI AWB TRACKING OPTION
Print label should show product name ,origin destination pin code, customers code and consignee name and pcs..no weight
Awn entry booking should have origin and destination hub as blank, we will select
AWB file upload option should be like, if AWB already exists, in forwarding or AWB it should say already exists rest it should upload.

Invoice

Shipment list for invoiced shipment should have editing option for all the fields
Copy client rate including add on, Addons should be editable. pic 3
not allowing billed awb to transfer to other customer..
INVOICE LOCKING AND BULK EINVOICE GENRAITON
Auto Invoice for selected customer
invoice locking option for single, multiple and all
Debit credit note pdf option with sign and stamp.
claims settle should create CN with PDF.

Misc 

Expense tracker
Customer code series
Invoice No Series should be fixed with from date and editable
Demurrage charges after first attempt ----- NO of days  Rs --Per kg Min ____ + GST should be a debit note, not included in regular bill. It should have first attempt date and no of day before return or delivery.
All the place, where calendar is used should have current date and time and we will change as per need.
On ODA location tracking it should show customer that it will take 2 extra days from EDD, being ODA location.
Dash board user access rights to be given.
rate export option should come as rate upload file with VAS on sheet for all vendors
Users Creation, Individual assignment should have option of giving right for add, deletion or only view..


Vendor 
vendor rate option
vendor wise pin code to find serviceability
CARD ACCOUNT CREATED
vendor wise pin code list
Vendor bill and PNL should have search option by vendor and customer.
PNL should match with AWB or forwarding number
PNL should have filter to check negative , zero, positive 


CS Related
Apart from ref no order id option should be there by which customer can track shipment other than, MY AWB, Vendor awb.
Appt delivery marking after the booking of the shipment, and it should show appt date and send pop up to CS.
MIS REPORT AND NDR AUTO REPORT
MIS Report for on time, delay deliveries- Except customer failure or appt, other situations like, need of unloading etc.
ppt delivery Popup should have excel pulling option with AWB no Customer name no of pcs and consignee name
Popup should come only 24 hours early,, Sunday/Monday appt should show on Saturday.
At shipment creation we should have warehouse option to create and should be saved against customer for future use.
Existing pin code vendor eise should have option make it edl from regular and regular to edl
Vendor wise non severability -- like this pincode is not serviced by this vendor but serviced by other vendor
Tracking status progress needed as that will show which branch we need to talk to also we should have option to add name and number for that vendor for that office for other team member to know the contact person, For origin and destination location or any other locations in Between
Multiple contact person, no and email id for same location vendor wise, Product wise


Customer login
Customer should have appt delivery update option in there login, with what time and date they are updating on.. ( It should also have a remark for customer to inform us in morning for next day appts.) 
customer should have remark option to update anything like contact number against awb prompt should come to CS and visible in tracking
Customer should have option to check rates if allowed, Means agreement pdf and estimated cost
























Pcs wise rate option 
0-15
15-20 type

